Docs improvements (#249)
QuiltMC/quiltmc.org: ARCHITECTURE.md

### `_headers` and `_redirects`
Files that Cloudflare Pages uses to send extra headers and HTTP redirects for certain requests. For more information, see the Cloudflare's documentation for [Headers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/configuration/headers/) and [Redirects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/configuration/redirects/).

### `.gpg/`
Holds public GPG keys for the Infrastructure Team and the Admin Board.

###  `.well-known/security.txt`
Outlines our security policy for reporting exploits and vulnerabilities using the proposed [security.txt standard](https://securitytxt.org).

### `api/`
Static routes for the API, including the OpenAPI specification and the incompatible mods JSON file.

### `assets/`
Static files used in various places on the website:
- `css/`: Custom CSS files.
- `img/`: Images used around the site.
- `license-templates/`: Templates for software licenses used as part of the Mod Generator.

### `favicon/`
Various incarnations of the site's favicon.

## Scripts (`scripts/`)

> This folder contains scripts that are run during the build process of the site: They fetch and cache data from GitHub and [PluralKit](https://pluralkit.me) to use in the [teams page](https://quiltmc.org/about/teams) and change logs, and they generate functions for routing the user based on their requested language (see "Functions").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains scripts that are run during the build process of the site: They fetch and cache data from GitHub and [PluralKit](https://pluralkit.me) to use in the [teams page](https://quiltmc.org/about/teams) and [changelogs](https://quiltmc.org/en/changelog/), and they generate functions for routing the user based on their requested language (see "Functions").
```
